DOCS-567: Indicate experimental cont servo support (#908)
viamrobotics/docs: docs/components/servo.md

Move the servo to the desired angle in degrees.

{{% alert title="Note" color="note" %}}

> The GPIO servo model is an experimental feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Support for continuous servos  with the GPIO servo model is experimental.
```
Normal servos are fine
